left here so give another person a
chance to ask a question here don't
think we can hear you ok I don't know
what the white yeah but the thing is I
tried the way that I wasn't that
successful so I was wondering how were
you able to make that work for you
yea good question read it's very
powerful it's also very dangerous I am
NOT a reddit fan lots of water very mean
people there so get ready you're gonna
be ready you better have sticks in but
so is there an anonymous community we
talk about subjects anonymously nobody
on reddit likes promotions ourselves
everyone ready hates it though what you
do with ready to be successful is is
used serve the purpose of Reddit which
is providing valuable people earn so if
you're teaching something make a youtube
video or a blog post this is how you do
it make it for free
ever postings that emotions things like
that and read it they just hate it
absolutely hate it but provide value to
the community and your post
voted and so every time I put out a new
YouTube video this is what happens I
post a youtube video and read it and
learn programming formats with forum I
say here's how you do this on iPhone and
sure enough to get a bloated and then
the next 15 minutes I see like 325
purchases that happens from my youtube
videos I sent them to you to YouTube
sent them to my enemy course I'll read
it put free stuff on there don't look at
yourself look at the people that are on
there how can you help them and then be
creative in how you can capture those
capture those leads unfortunately I I'm
a nice guy but I'm not nice enough to
just put your free stuff on red just be
a nice community builder but there's
great ways of doing it so that's how I
use reddit ok second question how do you
get so many reviewers because some of us
to meet you know maybe get some reviews
but it's been
that's a great question I have actually
learned some things that you going to
take notice you guys can all do this so
what I do is and I did especially
beginning not so much now coming at a
time but in the very beginning when I
had students anybody who made more than
3% progress I personally message to my
wrote them a letter and said hey John
thanks for taking my course this is
awesome 3% how can I help you what it
what can a teacher and by the way if
you're lovin this course please give me
an honest review it really helps and
probably twenty percent of the people
that I messaged me reviews that
instantly bumped it up
also in my chat room and other
interactions you guys probably have
people on Twitter like I love your
course or your cell thanks awesome or
you know three said that sourdough bread
is amazing you know you could say thanks
or you can say you know what
thank you and I would love for you to
put that thanks in a written review on
my course it really helps me every
single time so once showed any interest
in your course you ask them for you will
you give me a review
they took the time to message you
they're probably gonna give you a review
so that's really important to do as well
is every chance you have tell people to
give you reviews and more recently well
one thing I did also was a Senate
Education announcement with some value
and in the education announcement in big
bold to say hey everyone you guys are
great
even taking this course and that's
awesome but I need your help I need
reviews you guys are taken to score some
of you you said you loved it but you
having any reviews it really helps out
just ask people are asking for reviews
and every time I do that my reviews jump
up significantly and I i pace it out so
it's not like spam
but I asked them all the time there's
nothing wrong with that you guys
everyone just ask ask ask for reviews
and they will come don't ever ask for a
five star review I've never done that
once I just I kinda gauge their level if
someone's not like my course I don't ask
him to give you my bad reviews
anyone has any interest ask them to give
you a review and most likely they will
do it another question is this is for
you
now Facebook add those Google Ads have
each write those or have you not to
waste and is it the way still want you
to go and ask questions I get all the
time as well too so I've tried Facebook
ads they're my least converting adds a
facebook facebook crowds little bit
different and I can't speak for
everybody ok all I know is I have like
seven hundred Facebook friends friends
and family they don't give a crap about
my courses or anything I'm doing like I
can't tell them anything in my own
family my own uncles and stuff like like
my page no one does it so Facebook
you've got to be really careful in your
strategy gotta figure out what you're
trying to accomplish directs else for me
have not been great on Facebook I spent
$150 on Facebook and you know it barely
paid for itself so there's different
ways of strategizing on Facebook from
now on my facebook strategy is going to
be boosting my my facebook page my dev
slopes company page because that's where
the thought leadership comes and so am
giving away free stuff
knowledge information people want that
people don't on Facebook per my
experience that in my own family want to
buy stuff on Facebook so I don't ever do
ads on anymore
myself Google Ads have done that for my
subject they convert just fine but they
really brings me in about five to ten
dollars a day I could probably get more
if I focus more on it but I don't have
the time to focus on it cuz when you're
doing good glad you got to be monitoring
it make watching for click fraud
especially ask you to me structures who
don't have a whole lot of money in the
beginning like your budget can go
through in five minutes if you're not
careful you gotta closely monitor it and
I don't have time for that five cells
today is not worth it for me on on on
Google ads also have to compete with Rob
personal ads which is not an easy task
if I throw my ads up and I linked to my
course it takes off the enemies
advertisements and vice versa and I just
if you're going to do but as my advice
just focus on it and if it's making
sense keep doing it but it takes focus
and energy and effort Twitter ads of
actually my most successful this is part
of the tech industry people on Twitter
they just love tech as I got tons of
purchases even $50 purchase of people on
Twitter professionals and I never used
Twitter until I got into this but people
on Twitter are there's a lot of
professionals out there and they have
money to spend and so people actually
buy my course through Twitter with
direct advertisers to my course saying
it's my most successful yeah because
anybody used to it and so anyway they
they convert just fine I got lots of $49
purchases from it it's great again my
strategy is not gonna be doing direct
sales anymore I'm gonna folks my money
and advertisements on promoting my
Twitter accounts promoting my facebook
pages because I believe when I helping
people for free
they're going to be more inclined to
purchase then clicking a link that I
have to pay $1 for so we're successful
those it was great campaign and more
paid advertising that would direct links
to my course gonna put my money on
building communities ok
your biggest success was actually doing
whatever we stopped and that was way
better than one if if you guys could all
just throw advertising all jumped out
the window
focus on YouTube making quality free
videos your name ourselves from that
than anything else
YouTube is my is my second focus on
trying to get video out a week it's
really hard but you to generate more
cells from any ad platform ok so what's
your secret for you to link to your
course just put on watch videos and the
best practices that only have the pop
ups at the end your video which links to
other videos which I should be doing and
subscribe buttons I just really quality
videos links my course there if you buy
it I got many many views on my videos in
just the last two months just cause
they're helpful so what's your next
class
the question everybody is asking if this
was down what what you've been doing
pretty good you have a plant with a new
one is coming up so many courses I've
got a roadmap of like 15 courses one
after the other after the other
intermediate iOS right now about
wrapping up a course called learn how to
make games for iOS Android PC and Mac
without writing any code using build box
I'll be coming out a few days I'm
building a course on reactor web
development and I got a list
ok that's mostly at Tech tech classes I
mean some of our field so what's your
device that because otherwise I mean you
don't create that text and if you're not
into tech field sales don't don't go the
same one you to me I know you guys know
how this is amazing
was a lot of people who go in you're
going to that text field so they always
go
matters are just like I'm just asking
you want to try something outside of Tao
ko you just going to just keep your good
at it was a focus what they're good at
my end W sourdough Theresa she's like
the inspiration for it they should all
follow I I'm not trying to entice a
sourdough is not interesting but it's no
less interesting than you know how to
train your dog or anything else she's
she's Lady need to talk to me she knows
what she's doing
you know I should text popular but I
believe in you know if I wasn't teaching
programming I'll be working just as hard
on whatever other subjects I'm doing on
here is a fantastic platform and I that
she had people other instructors
approach need to be contractors who are
making like 15 grand a month twenty
grand a month during non programming
stuff so with one of our courses so just
pick something that you're good at and
teacher well
okay great well so we're at five o'clock
now thank you everybody for your
questions thanks for those who are
willing to take a seat and ask questions
directly it's always fun to have some
people willing to interact directly with
us I know we had some more questions do
you use LinkedIn to use YouTube as to do
this type of stuff the replay is going
to be available on my website we just
put it in here one more time for you and
I'm the replay there I'll make sure I
got the various links over time I will
be I get a transcript in this session
nodes and what I've also got on the
website there is discuss you know the
comedy available there so you can just
head on over to my site there you'll be
able to ask questions and if I see that
are bunch of questions that are popping
up my leg is coming up there right now
there's just a big lag or didn't take it
one more time if I see there's a bunch
of questions I can make sure that I
could mark again it's a hey we had a
bunch of questions
to be losing mark I guess you asked him
where he's going back
yeah I don't know why it's do it now
United this occasionally so if I sit in
marc hasn't been able to get out there
and questions and you're able to stay in
the loop with the stuff but it is like
to say thanks everybody for attending
hope you had a great time with this
session here and you know if you like to
go ahead and sign up on my newsletter
and let people know a new stuff every
week in learn lots more advice from a
lot of so have a great day everybody
thanks for stopping by and catch around
the next time they smarts it was great